[Music]
we spit out birds waiting to get filled
with mom eat yeah right Karl in this
package would ever let Karl get up in
them put your hand down you're
ruining my joke ketchup no mustard Oh
sausages and buns because we belong
together I know it's against the rules
but just the tips
prepare yourself little sausage you're
about to learn the terrible truth the
goods kill our asses
please no
that doesn't make any sense why would
they do that huh because it makes them
stronger
hungers insatiable buddy I mean how
do you know all this Sweden um
perishables
I gotta tell everyone dies otherwise
thank you meanie they're doing this to
us because we mean it was fine it's not
like anyone writes home and says oh god
I had the best tip together we can fight
these monsters and take control of our
own lives come on join the fight
[Applause]
make it rain
Gary just throw this toothpick
at me man
we need to make them see us I have a
plan here goes everything
hello I've been looking at me with your
little shoes and your arms your legs
look at me ain't got no legs you think
I've got them laid wanted her to you
you don't wanna know